## The Future of the Pit Conclave

Hi!

### The Pit Conclave no longer has Hypixel staff support, and as a consequence we no longer have a say in future updates, moderation, or anything official.

Ownership of the Pit Conclave is being transferred to a community member.

## What matters to you guys

If you've hated Conclave because of members using their admin connections to
report dupers, this isn't possible anymore, so please leave us alone! We can't
help you.

If you've been a fan of Conclave because of the update content, unfortunately
we're not behind content anymore.

If you're wondering who will be taking over Pit development,
the mini-game team @ Hypixel will be the ones conducting development.
No one knows when or if they will decide to work on the game, however.
You may want to look at their developer threads, like the
[April 2024 edition](https://hypixel.net/threads/minigame-developer-update-april-2024.5612742/).

## My reaction

I got the message at the peak of the solar eclipse 
(granted, it was behind a cloud, so it wasn't a big deal), and upon
seeing the message, I was fuming mad.
Mainly because we've had a completed document for the next update for a while now,
and now we don't really know if it's ever going to properly implemented.

It felt like we were employees that just got laid off and lost our job.
**We are volunteers**, but it feels the same.

We're literally the predecessor to SkyBlock Nerds. Why can't we continue to exist?

## Why?

There are a few possible reasons **(speculation)** for this:

- Minikloon's departure

The Pit has always been administrated by Minikloon, and his departure meant that
Conclave was kind of in a limbo-like state. By transferring ownership, at the very
least we won't have to sit in pain being uncertain about our future.

- Hypixel employees' ability to devote time to the server

Like SkyBlock Nerds, there's a lot of work and time required to upkeep
a discord server officially related to Hypixel. 

This, however, also comes with a ton of stress. Unhealthy stress.

- Drama

We've had some really bad drama happen recently with a key member of Conclave.
It doesn't matter whether the allegations were true - what matters is that it 
broke the hearts of almost all of our members and led to some serious instability.

I sincerely think if the news never broke out, we would be fine.
But of course someone had to make a huge fuss out of it.

## ...

In the end, I think everyone will be fine. It's very sad, but everyone 
in Conclave took the news well and understood why this was happening.
There are both upsides and downsides to being relieved of our tasks.
